content/blog/first-post.md, before:

---
title: Welcome to My Blog
date: 2025-11-17
description: An introduction to my portfolio and what you can expect here
tags:
    - welcome
    - introduction
---

# Welcome to My Blog

Hello! I'm Jared, and this is my first post. I'm excited to share my thoughts on software development, Go programming,
and building things on the web.

## What to Expect

On this blog, I'll be sharing:

- **Technical deep dives** into Go and web development
- **Project write-ups** showcasing things I've built
- **Best practices** and lessons learned from real-world projects
- **Notes** on tools, frameworks, and interesting technologies

## About This Site

This portfolio site is built with Go and uses a custom post management system. Each post is written in Markdown with
YAML frontmatter for metadata. It's a lightweight approach that keeps things simple and performant.

## Let's Connect

If you find something interesting or want to discuss ideas, feel free to reach out. I'm always interested in connecting
with other developers and hearing about what you're working on.

Thanks for stopping by, and I hope you find the content useful!

Commit message:

feat: rename logs section to blog and expand content
Reorganize content structure from "logs" to "blog" throughout the site.
Add three new blog posts covering coffee cake recipe, Composer vendor
pattern, and markdown features. Update Hugo configuration to reflect
new section naming. Enhance theme styling for code blocks and avatar
images. Improve blog page layout with better formatting and conditional
tag display.

content/blog/first-post.md, after:

---
title: Welcome to My Blog
slug: welcome
date: 2025-11-17
description: "An introduction to my portfolio, sharing thoughts on software development, Go programming, and building things on the web."
tags:
- welcome
- introduction
---

Hello! I'm Jared, and this is my first post. I'm excited to share my thoughts on software development, Go programming,
and building things on the web.

## What to Expect

On this blog, I'll be sharing:

- **Technical deep dives** into Go and web development
- **Project write-ups** showcasing things I've built
- **Best practices** and lessons learned from real-world projects
- **Notes** on tools, frameworks, and interesting technologies

## About This Site

This portfolio site is built with Go and uses a custom post management system. Each post is written in Markdown with
YAML frontmatter for metadata. It's a lightweight approach that keeps things simple and performant.

## Let's Connect

If you find something interesting or want to discuss ideas, feel free to reach out. I'm always interested in connecting
with other developers and hearing about what you're working on.

Thanks for stopping by, and I hope you find the content useful!
